In the same way, all your metrics are used in building your overall marketing and sales strategies. The individual data points become the raw material from which eCommerce analytics is built. Read also: eCommerce Metrics Made Easy: How to Drive Growth BENEFITS OF MONITORING ECOMMERCE KPIS Now that we’ve given you a breakdown of the definition, you may be wondering how it benefits eCommerce and DTC companies. Here’s why your company needs to make the most of eCommerce analytics: Improve customer experience and retention: By measuring the right KPIs, you’ll understand customer pain points and overall customer satisfaction levels. A recent study showed that 47% of customers would pay more for a better online shopping experience. By measuring the retention rate, you’ll be able to find strategies to improve customer loyalty too. Improve segmentation, targeting, and retargeting: You’ll be able to send personalized messages, offers, and product recommendations based on customer behavior. And, you’ll be able to launch retargeting campaigns for prospects who are aware of your brand but haven’t yet become paying customers. Increased marketing ROI: You’ll be able to track exactly where every dollar invested in your marketing campaigns is going. And, you’ll be able to make quick changes to your marketing strategy based on live data to improve your marketing ROI over time. Gain a competitive edge: When your team does an excellent job with analytics, then you’re more likely to make better decisions to drive sales. No matter the state of the economy, you’ll gain a competitive advantage in your product niche. Optimize your sales and marketing funnels: You’ll be able to make the right tweaks to keep your marketing and sales funnels up-to-date and optimized. Funnel performance analysis is a key part you can’t miss. Identify and leverage top-performing marketing channels: By monitoring data regularly, you’ll get a clear idea of which marketing channels should be used and when. It helps streamline your marketing strategies. 10.02.2025, 10:05 Master the Art of eCommerce Analytics with These 16 KPIs https://www.engagebay.com/blog/ecommerce-analytics/ 5/38