To convert more visitors into buyers, consider keeping track of the following metrics: When analyzing orders by new vs. returning customers, we look at the number of orders from new customers compared to returning customers over a given period. When you analyze and compare data on orders by new vs returning customers, you can identify trends, patterns, and areas for improvement. For example, many repeat customers suggest that the company maintains a loyal clientele, a vital factor in sustained growth and financial success. Keeping customers is often more cost-effective than attracting new ones, as repeat customers are more inclined to make future purchases and recommend the brand to others. The average order value (AOV) is the average value of each order placed through a specific channel over a set period. This metric is calculated by dividing the revenue by the number of orders. It allows you to see which traffic channels generate the most revenue and consequently justify allocating a larger budget. You can analyze the revenue generated through different sales channels, such as marketplaces like Amazon, social media, email marketing, and your online ecommerce store. Tracking also helps you analyze customer buying patterns and return on investment (ROI) from advertising spend, thus improving your profitability. For instance, if people spend significantly less than the product’s price, it could indicate heavy use of discounts, so you may need to reduce them. Revenue by product is the percentage of total revenue generated by a particular product. It helps you identify the products with the highest sales, demonstrating their value and importance to the company. It will also help you identify which products are not generating enough revenue. Intent plays an important role in the consideration stage. Intent plays an important role in the consideration stage. To discover your customer’s intent, you might use interviews run, for example, via customer support chat to gain a powerful source of insights. You may ask your customers where their journey has started, how they arrived at the website, or about factors they have in mind before purchasing – for example, what other products they consider. Ecommerce KPIs for the purchase/conversion stage 1. Orders new vs. returning Tracking the ratio of orders from new and returning customers is essential to gauge the success of marketing efforts and loyalty programs. Returning customers often show their satisfaction and loyalty to the brand, while a large number of new customers can indicate effective acquisition strategies. 2. Average order value by channel Each channel offers various combinations of audience reach, content, or performance. It’s important to carefully consider which channels or combination of channels will provide the best returns. 3. Revenue by product Powered by Ustawienia prywatności Nasza strona internetowa chroni Twoją prywatność, przestrzegając unijnego Ogólnego rozporządzenia o ochronie danych (RODO). Nie będziemy wykorzystywać Twoich danych w żadnym celu, na który nie wyrażasz zgody i będziemy przetwarzać Twoje dane tylko w zakresie, w jakim nie przekracza to danych, które są niezbędne do realizacji określonych celów przetwarzania. Możesz wyrazić zgodę(y) na przetwarzanie Twoich danych w określonych celach poniżej lub klikając „Wyrażam zgodę". Analityka Śledzenie konwersji Remarketing Polityka prywatności Polski 10.02.2025, 10:04 KPIs for ecommerce: Maximizing funnel performance - Piwik PRO https://piwik.pro/blog/kpis-ecommerce-maximizing-funnel-performance/ 8/13