traffic impressions cost per click cost per conversion number of leads Regularly monitoring and optimizing your KPIs helps make your business more successful and highlights areas that require improvement. Without KPIs, it is hard to know which strategies or processes are functioning and which are not. Properly contextualizing data is essential to understanding customer behavior. The abundance of data and analytics tools can quickly become overwhelming if you don’t set core sales funnel KPIs. Online businesses tend to use several tools to track different ecommerce KPIs. But to discover critical indicators and metrics, it’s best to set up analytics tracking for your ecommerce website if you haven’t done so already. Piwik PRO is a platform that lets you analyze the KPIs critical to your success. Business strategic thinking is crucial. You have to take into consideration different scenarios and funnel models. Segmentation is helpful, as it allows you to group customers, for example, according to their buying cycle. The KPI-based measurement model divides customer journeys into four stages: Key performance indicators (KPIs) measure the performance associated with key business goals, while metrics measure the progress associated with specific business tasks. Ecommerce KPIs and the marketing funnel There are many customer journeys There are many customer journeys A customer’s experience with a brand encompasses multiple touchpoints and channels, such as websites, ads, email, text messages, mobile apps, social media, call centers, and physical stores. You must analyze how customers find your website and interact with it. It is crucial to know how much time they spend on your website, the first things they see, the top pages they visit, and where the buying journey starts. Depending on the business, there might be many scenarios and customer journeys. It is vital to understand the complexity of customers’ journeys to provide a positive experience and grow your business. What’s more, the customer journey doesn’t end with the purchase. It includes how customers use your product, how often they return to buy it again, and if they recommend it to others. For more detailed insights into ecommerce analytics in Piwik PRO Analytics Suite, watch the full episode of our masterclass Ecommerce marketing: How to get enhanced online store analytics KPI-based measurement Powered by Ustawienia prywatności Nasza strona internetowa chroni Twoją prywatność, przestrzegając unijnego Ogólnego rozporządzenia o ochronie danych (RODO). Nie będziemy wykorzystywać Twoich danych w żadnym celu, na który nie wyrażasz zgody i będziemy przetwarzać Twoje dane tylko w zakresie, w jakim nie przekracza to danych, które są niezbędne do realizacji określonych celów przetwarzania. Możesz wyrazić zgodę(y) na przetwarzanie Twoich danych w określonych celach poniżej lub klikając „Wyrażam zgodę". Analityka Śledzenie konwersji Remarketing Polityka prywatności Polski 10.02.2025, 10:04 KPIs for ecommerce: Maximizing funnel performance - Piwik PRO https://piwik.pro/blog/kpis-ecommerce-maximizing-funnel-performance/ 4/13