Keyword performance or ranking refers to tracking the topics and search terms on your website that attract the most traffic. With this KPI, you get different keyword positions and search volume. It’s important because it helps you understand the most relevant and high-impact keywords. This guides your optimization efforts and helps you determine how well your site is positioned for those crucial keywords. If you want to maintain a strong presence in search engine results, it’s vital to regularly check and optimize your top keywords and pages using keyword data to improve your content. Ranking higher means more visibility, more qualified buyers, and more revenue. The click-through rate is a metric that measures the number of users who clicked a link, call-to-action button, or ad in comparison to the number of impressions it received. You can determine whether your content and marketing campaigns are reaching your target audience by measuring CTR. It can also help assess how different marketing channels affect a business’s performance. We can identify areas for improving our customer acquisition strategy by analyzing the click-through rate. To improve CTR, you can use strategies like optimizing your headline (use keywords), using appealing images, and direct and compelling call to actions (CTAs). In the consideration stage, your brand must actively engage with potential and existing customers. The essential KPIs should include metrics connected to sessions and returning visitors. At this stage, you may observe patterns to perform tests and experiments to improve the user experience. The data from the consideration phase helps you learn about people’s behavior and the time it takes them to make a purchase. All the data from this stage can assist you in making the user experience smoother, eventually leading to higher sales. The engagement rate is a KPI that evaluates the level of engagement with a product or content. A high engagement rate can result in more clicks and conversions, showing that users are actively interacting and, thus, more likely to convert. To boost engagement, it is crucial to provide users with a seamless navigation experience across your website or app during their interactions and simplify your demo or transactional forms. The bounce rate is the percentage of people who enter a single page and leave it without taking any further action. It is calculated by dividing single-page sessions by all sessions. You can use the bounce rate to measure the success of a single landing page. A high bounce rate indicates that the landing page needs to be improved. Using this metric, you can determine whether the visitor’s search intent was met. Also, it can indicate whether landing pages match the expectations created by ad campaigns. To reduce your website’s bounce rate, you can improve your site speed, optimize it for mobile users, and make your content more engaging. 3. SEO keyword positions 4. Click-through rate (CTR) Ecommerce KPIs for the consideration stage 1. Engagement rate High engagement but low conversions indicate that the content is engaging but isn’t driving users to purchase or that it’s not reaching the right audience. 2. Bounce rate 3. Returning visitors Powered by Ustawienia prywatności Nasza strona internetowa chroni Twoją prywatność, przestrzegając unijnego Ogólnego rozporządzenia o ochronie danych (RODO). Nie będziemy wykorzystywać Twoich danych w żadnym celu, na który nie wyrażasz zgody i będziemy przetwarzać Twoje dane tylko w zakresie, w jakim nie przekracza to danych, które są niezbędne do realizacji określonych celów przetwarzania. Możesz wyrazić zgodę(y) na przetwarzanie Twoich danych w określonych celach poniżej lub klikając „Wyrażam zgodę". Analityka Śledzenie konwersji Remarketing Polityka prywatności Polski 10.02.2025, 10:04 KPIs for ecommerce: Maximizing funnel performance - Piwik PRO https://piwik.pro/blog/kpis-ecommerce-maximizing-funnel-performance/ 6/13