Based on this information, you can determine whether any of your products should be discontinued, promoted, or marketed more effectively. By using this KPI, you can monitor the revenue generated by your business from each customer visit. To calculate this metric, the total revenue is divided by the number of website visitors during a given timeframe. If you understand how much revenue you generate per visitor, you can identify areas where you need to improve your marketing efforts and optimize your campaigns. This insight allows you to enhance your website. For example, a low RPV could indicate the need to enhance your website’s user experience, which can help drive more sales. Thanks to this KPI, you can also adjust your product pricing or marketing messages to appeal better to your target audience. The customer lifetime value reflects the total profits customers generate throughout their interactions with the company. To calculate customer lifetime value, you must multiply the average purchase value, purchase frequency, and customer lifespan of your clients. This KPI is important as it helps you better understand your current customer base and who you should target to maximize profits. Instead of solely focusing on acquiring new customers and investing heavily in gaining them, you can identify what keeps your existing customer base loyal and replicate those strategies to increase the value of your current customers. You should not focus solely on one transaction. In the long run, retaining existing customers and building their loyalty is cheaper than acquiring new ones. You can increase profits and brand loyalty by incorporating these metrics into your strategy. Here are the last phase KPIs: This metric measures the time gap between a customer’s initial and subsequent purchases. This provides valuable information about your customers’ behavior, which you can use to intervene in the customer journey and encourage another purchase. Your business can benefit from it by sending appropriate messages strategically to increase purchase frequency. You will know when it’s the perfect time to send a new personalized sales-focused email to your customers just before they are expected to place another order. In this KPI, we measure how many customers make multiple purchases with a company. To determine your RPR, analyze the number of repeat customers on your online store and divide it by the total number of customers. RPR shows how effective you are in keeping customers and encouraging their loyalty. In ecommerce, this is crucial because repeat customers generate higher revenue and can attract new customers through word-of-mouth. This KPI is important as it measures your customer loyalty and customer retention and helps identify potential issues. Top-bought products This is another KPI for effective product performance evaluation. It allows you to see your most popular products in terms of volume and revenue in a given period. 4. Revenue per visitor (RPV) 5. Customer lifetime value (CLV) Ecommerce KPIs for the post-purchase stage 1. Average days between transactions 2. Repeat purchase rate (RPR) Powered by Ustawienia prywatności Nasza strona internetowa chroni Twoją prywatność, przestrzegając unijnego Ogólnego rozporządzenia o ochronie danych (RODO). Nie będziemy wykorzystywać Twoich danych w żadnym celu, na który nie wyrażasz zgody i będziemy przetwarzać Twoje dane tylko w zakresie, w jakim nie przekracza to danych, które są niezbędne do realizacji określonych celów przetwarzania. Możesz wyrazić zgodę(y) na przetwarzanie Twoich danych w określonych celach poniżej lub klikając „Wyrażam zgodę". Analityka Śledzenie konwersji Remarketing Polityka prywatności Polski 10.02.2025, 10:04 KPIs for ecommerce: Maximizing funnel performance - Piwik PRO https://piwik.pro/blog/kpis-ecommerce-maximizing-funnel-performance/ 9/13