A high RPR indicates that your customers are happy with your products, services, and overall experience. They are loyal to your brand and willing to return for future purchases. A low RPR could suggest potential product, service, or customer satisfaction problems. You can identify and address these issues early by monitoring repeat purchases. ROI is a crucial metric for your business, indicating the amount gained (positive ROI) or lost (negative ROI) in comparison to the initial investment. Return on investment is typically shown as a percentage or ratio, calculated by dividing the gain or net benefits earned by the cost you paid. ROI provides marketers with a way to measure the effectiveness of their advertising efforts and aids in making strategic decisions regarding budget allocation, campaign optimization, and strategy adjustments. By monitoring ROI, you can make informed decisions to improve advertising performance and ensure significant results from campaigns. Effective evaluation of a marketing ecommerce funnel relies heavily on key performance indicators. By measuring these metrics, marketers can gain insight into different phases of the customer journey, allowing them to make informed decisions. But there is more to it: organizations utilize KPI analysis to enhance their products, mitigate risk, and drive revenue growth. Expand your ecommerce analytics capabilities by moving away from generic tools to platforms like Piwik PRO that prioritize critical thinking, simplicity, and adaptability. You can gain valuable insights and a deeper understanding of your KPIs and customer behavior with reliable data, custom metrics, and various integrations. Are you looking to leverage ecommerce KPIs analytics to perfect your marketing strategy and boost customer conversions? Contact us 3. Return on investment (ROI) Choose the right analytics platform for your business If you want to learn more about ecommerce analytics, read: Explore the benefits of ecommerce analytics with Piwik PRO Analytics Suite Privacy compliance in ecommerce – a comprehensive guide Charting a new course for Piwik PRO: bringing more value to the clients as an integrated analytics platform PREVIOUS ARTICLE Aleksandra is a senior content writer for Piwik PRO’s marketing blog, copywriter, content creator, and former lecturer on content marketing. With 10 years of experience in marketing, she has effectively juggled branding, marketing strategies, and content creation. She uses SEO best practices and digital marketing strategies to help articles rank high. Aleksandra values the impact of a compelling experience in content and employs various techniques in her writing to deliver valuable insight and engage with readers.| LinkedIn Profile Senior Content Marketer Aleksandra Szczepańska Activate data for a personalized customer experience with the Piwik PRO Customer Data Platform Powered by Ustawienia prywatności Nasza strona internetowa chroni Twoją prywatność, przestrzegając unijnego Ogólnego rozporządzenia o ochronie danych (RODO). Nie będziemy wykorzystywać Twoich danych w żadnym celu, na który nie wyrażasz zgody i będziemy przetwarzać Twoje dane tylko w zakresie, w jakim nie przekracza to danych, które są niezbędne do realizacji określonych celów przetwarzania. Możesz wyrazić zgodę(y) na przetwarzanie Twoich danych w określonych celach poniżej lub klikając „Wyrażam zgodę". Analityka Śledzenie konwersji Remarketing Polityka prywatności Polski 10.02.2025, 10:04 KPIs for ecommerce: Maximizing funnel performance - Piwik PRO https://piwik.pro/blog/kpis-ecommerce-maximizing-funnel-performance/ 10/13