With the returning visitors metric, you can determine how many people have visited and returned to a website. You calculate it by dividing the number of repeat visitors by the total number of unique visitors to your site in a given time period. This valuable information can help assess if your website keeps an audience engaged and interested. For example, you can learn if visitors revisit the same product pages and then proceed directly to the shipping information. This knowledge allows you to improve the content of your product page by providing a link to the shipping information on the product page, reducing the time from consideration to purchase. This metric shows the ratio of cart additions to views of the product page. It is calculated by dividing the number of unique products added to a cart by the number of times they have been visited. This plays a crucial role in showcasing the success of your store’s products. It demonstrates how attractive your offer is to users, how you can provide a positive user experience, and how simple it is to add a product to the cart. And could indicate that a user wants to make a purchase. A high rate of cart-to-detail means that your store provides a pleasant and user-friendly experience for customers (on the level of product details). A low cart-to-detail rate suggests possible problems with content or pricing, which must be addressed. Monitoring the cart-to-detail ratio can assist in pinpointing potential areas for growth within your store and implementing necessary adjustments. To do it even more effectively, you can combine the cart-to-detail rate with the order-to-detail rate. In the case of a high cart-to-detail rate and a low order-to- detail rate for a given product, there may be an underlying issue in the sales funnel, potentially at the checkout stage. This KPI is also known as the abandoned cart percentage KPI or the abandonment rate. It measures the percentage of sessions that had an interaction with a cart but no order. Frequently, customers add items to their shopping cart but fail to complete the purchase. The average online shopping cart abandonment rate is 70.19%. A high abandonment rate can be caused by many factors, such as the unavailability of certain payment methods, high shipping charges, or simply the customer changing their mind about the purchase. Visitors can use site searches to find content on websites, such as product pages, product catalogs, articles, videos, and more. By analyzing site search usage, you can gain a better understanding of how visitors use your site’s search function, including the search terms they enter and the impact of the search results on engagement with your site. By focusing on this metric, you can significantly enhance your website’s traffic conversion and decrease the bounce rate. With the data, you can adjust your site search and provide a better user experience from the first few seconds of interaction. Neglecting your internal site search could lead to a poor user experience (UX) and ultimately depress your profits. 4. Cart-to-detail rate Providing customers with detailed product information, accurate descriptions, high-quality visuals, transparent return and shipping policies, and clear calls to action can lead to a high cart-to-detail rate. 5. Cart abandonment rate With the help of analytics, you can use your top “Exit pages” to pinpoint areas for improvement and identify drop-off points. 6. Site search usage Powered by Ustawienia prywatności Nasza strona internetowa chroni Twoją prywatność, przestrzegając unijnego Ogólnego rozporządzenia o ochronie danych (RODO). Nie będziemy wykorzystywać Twoich danych w żadnym celu, na który nie wyrażasz zgody i będziemy przetwarzać Twoje dane tylko w zakresie, w jakim nie przekracza to danych, które są niezbędne do realizacji określonych celów przetwarzania. Możesz wyrazić zgodę(y) na przetwarzanie Twoich danych w określonych celach poniżej lub klikając „Wyrażam zgodę". Analityka Śledzenie konwersji Remarketing Polityka prywatności Polski 10.02.2025, 10:04 KPIs for ecommerce: Maximizing funnel performance - Piwik PRO https://piwik.pro/blog/kpis-ecommerce-maximizing-funnel-performance/ 7/13