Awareness/discovery Consideration Purchase/conversion Post-purchase Marketers should establish performance indicators for every step of the funnel and evaluate success of their activities based on these metrics. Now, let’s talk about how to track the top KPIs for ecommerce at every stage of the marketing funnel. Your marketing efforts should be focused on brand awareness and product demand at this stage. The awareness/discovery stage is where users are just getting to know the brand and what it offers. Consider KPIs that indicate where your new visitors come from, how many visit your site, and whether they are eager to engage. Your top KPIs can include the following: The source refers to the starting point of your website’s visitors, such as a search engine (for example, Google) or a specific domain. The medium specifies the source type, like organic search (organic) or cost-per-click paid search (CPC). This KPI is crucial as it allows for customized customer experiences, such as aligning content and guiding users to the next stage of your funnel based on how they find and interact with your website. The most important indicator is the number of visitors/sessions incoming from a specific source/medium since this gives you insight into, for example, whether visitors are coming from channels you’re investing money into. By monitoring this metric, you can assess your website’s search engine effectiveness, trustworthiness, and influence. It provides insight into the number of visitors discovering your site through search engines, which is crucial for those relying heavily on inbound traffic from search results (SEO). This KPI provides valuable insight into user behavior by tracking the number of website visitors who found your link through a search engine result page rather than through paid ads. You can increase the number of visits from search engines by improving your content’s ranking in relevant search results with SEO. The main goal of your content should be to entice visitors with a clear intent and use. Ecommerce KPIs for the awareness/discovery stage 1. Traffic source/medium Channels in Piwik PRO provide insights into the various sources and channels that drive traffic to your online store. 2. Organic traffic sessions Powered by Ustawienia prywatności Nasza strona internetowa chroni Twoją prywatność, przestrzegając unijnego Ogólnego rozporządzenia o ochronie danych (RODO). Nie będziemy wykorzystywać Twoich danych w żadnym celu, na który nie wyrażasz zgody i będziemy przetwarzać Twoje dane tylko w zakresie, w jakim nie przekracza to danych, które są niezbędne do realizacji określonych celów przetwarzania. Możesz wyrazić zgodę(y) na przetwarzanie Twoich danych w określonych celach poniżej lub klikając „Wyrażam zgodę". Analityka Śledzenie konwersji Remarketing Polityka prywatności Polski 10.02.2025, 10:04 KPIs for ecommerce: Maximizing funnel performance - Piwik PRO https://piwik.pro/blog/kpis-ecommerce-maximizing-funnel-performance/ 5/13