These are your Key Performance Indicators, and they’re more than just metrics and numbers on a spreadsheet; they’re the lifeblood of your online business. But with so many KPIs to choose from, how do you know which ones are truly vital for your eCommerce success? That’s where we come in: with the right data and expert-backed tips. We’ve surveyed 58 eCommerce professionals to bring you the ultimate list of eCommerce KPIs — the ones that the pros track, the ones that really move the needle. Let’s dig in! What are KPIs for eCommerce? How to Choose the Best eCommerce KPIs for Your Business Most Important eCommerce KPIs for Tracking Sales Performance Most Important eCommerce KPIs for Tracking Marketing Performance Most Important eCommerce KPIs for Tracking Customer Service Performance The Best Tools for Tracking eCommerce Analytics Empower Your eCommerce Success with Databox (https://databox.com/dashboard-examples/google-analytics-4-e-commerce-overview) What are KPIs for eCommerce? Ecommerce KPIs are the critical indicators that reveal the performance of your online business against your set goals and objectives. They provide you with insights that drive your strategic decisions. By tracking the right eCommerce KPIs, you empower yourself to make informed decisions that can significantly enhance conversions, revenue, marketing effectiveness, customer satisfaction, and overall operational efficiency. Editor’s note: Having a hard time tracking your eCommerce KPIs? With Databox, you can automate performance alerts (https://databox.com/product/alerts) and make adjustments when they matter most. How to Choose the Best eCommerce KPIs for Your Business With data privacy regulations like GDPR and CCPA limiting third-party data collection, eCommerce businesses should prioritize KPIs derived from first-party data. Metrics such as customer lifetime value (CLV), repeat purchase rates, and email engagement are now even more critical. Investing in tools that integrate directly with your CRM or use anonymous customer profiling can help maintain robust analytics without breaching Get practical strategies that drive consistent growth Read some (/newsletter) By submitting the completed form, you agree to our Terms of Service (/terms-of-service) and Privacy Policy (/privacy-policy). Subscribe Your email* 5 10.02.2025, 10:05 24 Ecommerce KPIs for Tracking & Growing Sales https://databox.com/ecommerce-kpis 2/34