Product Affinity Product affinity measures the relationship between different products. Understanding this metric can help you make more effective product recommendations. Inventory Levels Keeping track of inventory levels is crucial for avoiding stockouts and overstock situations. Accurate inventory tracking can help you maintain the right balance and avoid lost sales. PRO TIP: Get Useful, Actionable Data on Your Ecommerce Store’s Performance To improve the performance of your online store, it’s vital to have access to useful and actionable data. But, with so many metrics available to track, it may be hard to determine which ones will actually help you move the needle. That’s why we have created a concise dashboard template that only tracks the most important metrics for analyzing the core elements of your ecommerce businesses, such as: 1. Transactions and orders. How many transactions does your online store process in a day, a week, or a month? How many orders, and how many were placed on the same day of the previous month? 2. Sales volume and trends. See how much money has been generated from sales in the current month. Analyze daily trends to compare with your sales goals and take action to reach them. 3. Website traffic trends. Track the number of new and returning visitors to your website and the number of individual sessions initiated by these users. 4. Conversion to customers. See what percentage of your website visitors convert to customers. 5. Revenue per customer. See how much revenue you get from each unique visitor that interacts with your store during a given time period. 6. Amount per transaction. Track the average dollar amount each customer spends on a sale. 7. Best-selling products. See your most popular products in terms of volume and revenue in a given period. And more… Now you can benefit from the experience of our Google Analytics 4 experts, who have put together a plug-and-play Databox template (https://app.databox.com/datawall/3239d7cef45a8858114d448b1004dc284248cc8645e2354) showing the most important KPIs for monitoring your online store’s performance. It’s simple to implement and start using as a standalone dashboard or in ecommerce reports, Get practical strategies that drive consistent growth Read some (/newsletter) By submitting the completed form, you agree to our Terms of Service (/terms-of-service) and Privacy Policy (/privacy-policy). 5 10.02.2025, 10:05 24 Ecommerce KPIs for Tracking & Growing Sales https://databox.com/ecommerce-kpis 12/34