Cost of customer acquisition In other words, this KPI tells you how much you’ve got to spend, on average, to recruit a new customer. The cost of customer acquisition metric lets you evaluate the performance of your marketing campaigns and the ROI on the acquisition investments you’ve made. To identify your top-performing channels (where you should be investing your budget), calculate the customer acquisition cost per channel. Retention KPIs Customer lifetime value This KPI is an estimation of the total amount that each customer will spend on your e-commerce site over the course of his or her “lifetime” as your customer. You can calculate customer lifetime value by combining average order value, purchase frequency, and customer lifetime (duration) metrics. With this KPI, you can determine a maximum cost of acquisition. Evidently, to reach profitability, your customer lifetime value must be higher than your cost of acquisition. Repeat purchase rate The repeat purchase rate reveals the proportion of customers who make repeat purchases amongst your entire customer base. To calculate the repeat purchase rate KPI, just divide the total number of clients who have purchased on more than one occasion by your total number of customers. Segment your visitors to determine groups who have only purchased once or twice, and those who have purchased several times. Then leverage this information to adapt your targeting and tailor your marketing messages to these different groups. For example, you might consider taking an ultra-personalised approach with your most loyal customers (by taking their purchase history into account to craft highly relevant messages). Purchase frequency While the repeat purchase rate KPI is calculated using the entire customer lifetime, the purchase frequency KPI represents the proportion of customers who have made more than one purchase over a given period of time. This KPI is useful when analysing the purchase cycles of different products sold on your e-commerce site.  This website uses cookies. Cookies enable us access to data that is processed for the following purposes: analysis and improvement of the user experience and/or our content offering; audience measurement and analysis; interaction with social networks. For more information, please see our privacy policy. You can also manage your preferences via our Privacy Centre. 10.02.2025, 10:05 20 e-commerce KPIs for your web analytics dashboard - Digital Analytics Blog https://blog.atinternet.com/en/20-e-commerce-kpis-for-your-web-analytics-dashboard/ 6/11