As its name indicates, this KPI indicates the number of pages viewed per visit, on average. This KPI attests to the efficiency of your e-commerce site (product catalogue, categories, product pages, search options, etc.) and its ability to engage visitors. Bounce rate The bounce rate KPI represents visitors who only viewed one page during their visit to your site. In other words, they arrived and then left. A high bounce rate on a single page generally indicates low user interest. But there are many potential ways of interpreting this quality-based KPI: UX problems, navigational issues, content issues, etc. Many different explanations exist for high bounce rates. Consider that if you’re seeing bounce rates higher than 85%, you should take action. Average visit length The average visit length KPI is obtained by dividing the time spent during all visits by the total number of visits. You can then compare the average visit length of your new visitors versus your returning visitors. Doing so will give you a good idea of how engaging your content and online sales approach are. New visitors Your web analytics tool will count a user as a new visitor when he or she does not have a web analytics cookie present when arriving on your site. If a visitor comes to your site, then deletes the web analytics cookie, he or she will be considered as a new visitor when returning to your site. The new visitor metric indicates the volume of prospective customers and therefore your sales potential. Conversion KPIs Conversion rate (visitor) Be curious about your visitors! (rather than your visits). Depending on the products you sell, the purchase cycle can be long, irregular, and fragmented. By taking a “visitor” approach when measuring your online store’s attractiveness, you can measure your true ability to convert your  This website uses cookies. Cookies enable us access to data that is processed for the following purposes: analysis and improvement of the user experience and/or our content offering; audience measurement and analysis; interaction with social networks. For more information, please see our privacy policy. You can also manage your preferences via our Privacy Centre. 10.02.2025, 10:05 20 e-commerce KPIs for your web analytics dashboard - Digital Analytics Blog https://blog.atinternet.com/en/20-e-commerce-kpis-for-your-web-analytics-dashboard/ 4/11