Point-of-reference KPIs On-site traffic The volume of visits represents the traffic that has come to your site. Remember, a single visitor can make several visits to your site using different devices or browsers. After 30 inactive minutes, we’ll consider that the visit has ended. If you notice variations in this KPI, be sure to examine the current context of your e-commerce activity: Are you currently running acquisition campaigns? Have you recently sent a reminder email to your prospects? Is your organic ranking having an impact? Have you launched or closed a certain platform (mobile app or site, for example)? Conversion rate (visit) This KPI tells you the likelihood of a visit converting into a purchase, and it can be calculated quite simply: it’s the ratio between visits that have converted and the total number of visits. If you see major fluctuations in this KPI, be sure to verify: The quality of incremental new visits generated by current campaigns Any potential technical problems on key pages (the steps of your funnel) If certain pages need a new layout or design Average cart value This KPI represents the average amount spent per order on your online store platform(s). To calculate the average cart value KPI, simply divide your turnover by the number of orders placed during a given period. As always, don’t forget to refer to the context when analysing this KPI: Are you currently running any promotions (promo codes, discounts, gift vouchers, etc.)? Has the overall number of orders increased? Have you changed your shipping prices?  This website uses cookies. Cookies enable us access to data that is processed for the following purposes: analysis and improvement of the user experience and/or our content offering; audience measurement and analysis; interaction with social networks. For more information, please see our privacy policy. You can also manage your preferences via our Privacy Centre. 10.02.2025, 10:05 20 e-commerce KPIs for your web analytics dashboard - Digital Analytics Blog https://blog.atinternet.com/en/20-e-commerce-kpis-for-your-web-analytics-dashboard/ 2/11