Turnover The turnover (revenue) you generate is nothing more than the product of the 3 aforementioned metrics (visits, conversion rate and average cart value). You can interpret this KPI as follows if you notice any variations: A drop in turnover despite an increase in visits: Verify that the conversion rate is stable. If it isn’t, it means that your incremental visits are not as good-quality as your normal point- of-reference visits. It’s a good idea to verify which traffic sources, referrer sites and campaigns are bringing this low-quality traffic. A drop in both turnover and conversion rate despite consistent traffic levels: Have you changed anything technical or design-wise on your site? Check the performance of your key pages (product pages, cart, conversion funnel, payment pages, etc.) on different devices and browsers. A drop in both turnover and average cart value despite a stable level of visits and conversion rate: Investigate things related to your promotional offers. There may have been a problem with distribution, leading to few or no additional orders, with a lower average cart value. Engagement KPIs Visitors & customers To measure your website’s popularity, this is an essential KPI: it qualifies an internet user over a given period. We also use the term unique visitor, generally identified by a cookie and counted only once during the analysed period. If the site requires a login and you collect additional information on the visitor (such as socio-demographic information, for example), it can be even more beneficial to take a customer-centric approach in your behavioural analysis in order to refine your sales strategy according to buyer profile. Page views per visit  This website uses cookies. Cookies enable us access to data that is processed for the following purposes: analysis and improvement of the user experience and/or our content offering; audience measurement and analysis; interaction with social networks. For more information, please see our privacy policy. You can also manage your preferences via our Privacy Centre. 10.02.2025, 10:05 20 e-commerce KPIs for your web analytics dashboard - Digital Analytics Blog https://blog.atinternet.com/en/20-e-commerce-kpis-for-your-web-analytics-dashboard/ 3/11