Average duration between orders This KPI shows the average length of time that passes between 2 purchases. Armed with this information, you can, for example, schedule the sending of your marketing automation emails. The average duration between orders KPI can be calculated by dividing 365 by the value obtained for purchase frequency. Keep in mind that that this average duration between purchases can vary between product categories. Churn rate The churn rate is the percentage of customers who never come back to your site. The lower this rate, the higher your customer lifetime value will be. By keeping an eye on your churn rate, you can ensure that your offerings are sufficiently matched to your target audience. To improve your churn rate, use a web analytics solution which offers purchase scenario models based on different buyer profiles, such as the RFM model. Product return rate If your customers often order and then return a certain product, there are several possible explanations: The product page is very engaging and efficient The product does not match the description, or is of poor quality Depending on your industry and your products, the product return rate can strongly vary. Logically, we see higher product return rates in the apparel industry, where sizing issues can cause product return rates of around 20% to 30%, or even higher than 50% in some cases. Get all our e-commerce tips and recommendations in our series of articles dedicated to e- commerce activity, and be sure to download our free guide: Photo by Dmitri Popov on Unsplash  This website uses cookies. Cookies enable us access to data that is processed for the following purposes: analysis and improvement of the user experience and/or our content offering; audience measurement and analysis; interaction with social networks. For more information, please see our privacy policy. You can also manage your preferences via our Privacy Centre. 10.02.2025, 10:05 20 e-commerce KPIs for your web analytics dashboard - Digital Analytics Blog https://blog.atinternet.com/en/20-e-commerce-kpis-for-your-web-analytics-dashboard/ 7/11