visitors. Calculating the conversion rate per visitor is simple: it’s the number of visitors who placed an order divided by the total number of visitors to your site. Remember to take the temporal granularity of your sales cycle into account when analysing your conversion rate per visitor. For example, a grocery delivery site might expect to receive orders on a weekly basis; in this case, visitor conversion KPIs could be calculated on a week-long period. Number of transactions Counting the number of transactions enables you to calculate the average cart value (the average value of your orders). By tallying the transactions made on your e-commerce site, you can then evaluate the performance of all related actions or elements: Payment methods Shipping provider Promo codes Customer ID Average order value To get the average order value metric, divide the total amount of sales-generated turnover by the number of transactions. If your catalogue offers a wide variety of products, you can calculate the average value of orders for each product category. The average order value KPI will help you detect trends and better understand the behaviour of your buyers. You can even refine your analysis by measuring the turnover generated by each source (campaigns, search engines, social networks, email, direct traffic, referrer sites, etc.). Cart abandon rate This KPI represents the number of completed transactions with regards to the number of carts created. More than half of users abandon their shopping carts along the path to conversion – they generally leave a site without having finalised the payment step. As cart abandons are of the biggest issues plaguing e-retailers, you should definitely understand why and how to take action to reduce your cart abandon rate (a few ideas: cart reminder messages, offers for reduced shipping, one-page checkout…).  This website uses cookies. Cookies enable us access to data that is processed for the following purposes: analysis and improvement of the user experience and/or our content offering; audience measurement and analysis; interaction with social networks. For more information, please see our privacy policy. You can also manage your preferences via our Privacy Centre. 10.02.2025, 10:05 20 e-commerce KPIs for your web analytics dashboard - Digital Analytics Blog https://blog.atinternet.com/en/20-e-commerce-kpis-for-your-web-analytics-dashboard/ 5/11