Inventory stock-out rate: The percentage of time that a product is out of stock. This is calculated by dividing the total time a product is out of stock by the total time the product is expected to be available and multiplying by 100.Formula: Inventory stock-out rate = (total time out of stock / total time expected to be available) x 100 Inventory lead time: The amount of time it takes to receive a new shipment of inventory from a supplier. Supplier performance: A measure of how well a supplier is meeting the needs of a business, including factors such as delivery times, quality of products or services, and pricing. Supplier diversity: The percentage of a business's suppliers that come from diverse groups, such as minority-owned, woman- owned, or small businesses. Supplier delivery time: The amount of time it takes for a supplier to deliver products or services to a business. Supplier quality: A measure of the level of quality of products or services provided by a supplier. Supplier pricing: The cost of products or services provided by a supplier. Warehouse efficiency: A measure of how efficiently a warehouse is operating, including factors such as the speed of order processing and fulfilment, accuracy of orders, and utilization of space and resources. Warehouse utilization rate: The percentage of a warehouse's capacity that is being used. This is calculated by dividing the total volume of products stored in the warehouse by the warehouse's total capacity and multiplying by 100.Formula: Warehouse utilization rate = (total volume of products stored / warehouse capacity) x 100 Warehouse capacity: The total amount of space and storage available in a warehouse. Warehouse cost per unit: The cost of storing and handling each unit of product in a warehouse. This can be calculated by dividing the total warehouse expenses by the number of units stored.Formula: Warehouse cost per unit = total warehouse expenses / number of units stored Warehouse labor cost: The cost of labor associated with operating a warehouse, including wages and benefits. Warehouse turnover rate: The number of times a warehouse's inventory is sold and replaced over a given period of time. This is calculated by dividing the cost of goods sold (COGS) by the average inventory value.Formula: Warehouse turnover rate = COGS / average inventory value Shipping cost: The cost of delivering a product to a customer, including fees and charges for transportation, handling, and other services. Shipping time: The amount of time it takes for a product to be delivered to a customer. Shipping accuracy: The percentage of orders that are shipped correctly and without errors. This can be calculated by dividing the number of accurately shipped orders by the total number of orders and multiplying by 100.Formula: Shipping accuracy = (number of accurately shipped orders / total number of orders) x 100 Login Try for Free Talk to Data Consultants Solutions Offerings Resources Why Saras ? 10.02.2025, 10:02 Top 75 eCommerce KPIs – Definitions & Formulas | Saras Analytics https://www.sarasanalytics.com/blog/ecommerce-kpi 9/14