Shipping cost: The cost of delivering a product to a customer, including fees and charges for transportation, handling, and other services. Return shipping cost: The cost of returning a product to a business, including fees and charges for transportation, handling, and other services. Customer service cost: The cost of providing customer service, including wages and benefits for customer service staff and expenses for tools and resources. eCommerce Customer Service KPIs Complaint resolution time: The amount of time it takes for a business to resolve a customer complaint. Complaint rate: The percentage of customers who file a complaint about a business's products or services. This is calculated by dividing the number of complaints by the total number of customers and multiplying by 100.Formula: Complaint rate = (number of complaints / total number of customers) x 100 Customer service response time: The amount of time it takes for a business to respond to a customer's request for assistance or support. Customer service satisfaction score: A measure of how satisfied customers are with a business's customer service, based on feedback and ratings from customers. Customer service resolution rate: The percentage of customer service inquiries or issues that are successfully resolved. This is calculated by dividing the number of resolved inquiries or issues by the total number of inquiries or issues and multiplying by 100.Formula: Customer service resolution rate = (number of resolved inquiries or issues / total number of inquiries or issues) x 100 Also, read: 1. Amazon KPIs 2. eCommerce analytics 3. eCommerce reporting Conclusion The success of an eCommerce business largely depends on its ability to track and analyze key performance indicators (KPIs) to inform strategic decisions. While there are many KPIs to consider, it is important to have a modern data stack and a holistic approach towards data and analytics that can scale with your business. Saras Analytics provides a comprehensive platform, skilled professionals, and streamlined processes to extract, consolidate, and visualize your data in automated dashboards. By partnering with Saras Analytics, eCommerce Login Try for Free Talk to Data Consultants Solutions Offerings Resources Why Saras ? 10.02.2025, 10:02 Top 75 eCommerce KPIs – Definitions & Formulas | Saras Analytics https://www.sarasanalytics.com/blog/ecommerce-kpi 11/14